## Usage Instructions

```$ npm install```
```$ npm start```
it should then be available at ```http://localhost:3000/concentration``` if not automatically opened.

## Thought Process
I started off with a grid to make it responsive off the bat. Once I had a grid of cards, I started on the click handling, and went through the logical flow in my mind. Which started with  checking if the card was flipped, making sure two separate cards were selected, checking equality, and then either removing the cards or turning them back over. The best way I figured to check flip status was a array of Booleans. Once the game was in a state that removed cards when paired, I added in deck shuffling logic from stack overflow. The next step was to add in some waits to make the cards be revealed for a certain amount of time. I also ran into an issue when you spam clicked the logic messed up so I implemented a primitive pause mechanism using the state similar to a semaphore. I was not familiar enough with react to use some hooks to stop action and that could be a next step to be a technical improvement. Next step was to add in the scoring system and multiplayer functionality. CSS was used to fix a slightly jarring expansion of card when flipped. I also used CSS for the designs because of responsiveness and I did not have enough time to implement visual libraries like bootstrap. I'm unsure of any design patterns used, but I made sure to put majority of html in a separate component, methodize where it makes sense and use global variables to allow for future features. Some future features would be customizing the amount of pairs, changing the reveal time, and adding custom images or card sets to the game. I ran into an issue with how the score and player indicator changes faster than the cards get flipped, but some more time with react lifecycle hooks I believe would also fix that. Also I attempted to make the scoreboard similar to a soccer match, but didn't want to implement a poor implementation. I had also started with a library for flipping cards, but the behavior wasn't as expected and jarring, so I scrapped it. 